Rewrote and reorganized smol schematic Added smol set price calculator with several missing parts in smol hardware. (#383)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/diy/smol-slimes/smol-firmware.md

# Smol Firmware

> This section provides an overview of the firmware used in Smol Slimes trackers and receivers, and serves as an entry point to more detailed guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section gives an overview of the firmware used in Smol Slimes trackers and receivers, acting as a gateway to more detailed guides.
```

## What you'll find in this section

> - **[Smol Pre-Compiled Firmware](smol-pre-compiled-firmware.md):**  
>   Download links and instructions for using pre-built firmware images for common hardware and pin configurations.
> 
> - **[Smol Compiling Firmware](smol-compiling-firmware.md):**  
>   Step-by-step guide for building the firmware from source, including required tools, repository setup, and build instructions.
> 
> - **[Smol Flashing Firmware](smol-flashing-firmware.md):**  
>   Instructions for flashing firmware onto supported boards and dongles, including both UF2 and Nordic bootloader methods.
> 
> - **[Smol Pairing & Calibration](smol-pairing-and-calibration.md):**  
>   How to pair trackers and receivers, calibrate sensors, and use console commands for setup and troubleshooting.
> 
> - **[Smol LED Codes](smol-LED-codes.md):**  
>   Reference for LED status codes and their meanings during operation, charging, and error states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Smol Pre-Compiled Firmware](smol-pre-compiled-firmware.md)**  
  Download links and instructions for using pre-built firmware images for common hardware and pin configurations. This section also includes custom bootloaders (UF2 and HEX) compiled specifically for SlimeVR trackers and receivers.

- **[Smol Compiling Firmware](smol-compiling-firmware.md):**  
  Step-by-step guide for building the firmware from source, including required tools, repository setup, and build instructions.

- **[Smol Flashing Firmware](smol-flashing-firmware.md)**  
  Instructions for flashing firmware onto supported boards and dongles, including both UF2 and Nordic-based bootloader methods.

- **[Smol Pairing & Calibration](smol-pairing-and-calibration.md)**  
  Instructions to pair trackers and receivers, calibrate sensors, and use console commands for setup and troubleshooting.

- **[Smol LED Codes](smol-LED-codes.md)**  
  Reference for LED status codes and their meanings during operation, charging, and error states.
```
